README.md, before:

## Readme (draft)
A repository of compound-target annotations in support of Systematic Chemogenetic Library Assembly

## Abstract
The assembly of chemogenetic libraries composed of chemical probes provides tremendous value to biomedical research, but requires substantial effort to ensure diversity as well as quality of the contents. We are assembling a chemogenetic library by data mining and crowdsourcing institutional expertise. We are sharing our methodology, lessons learned, and disclosing our current collection of 4186 compounds with their primary annotated gene targets. 

## Authors
Stephen M. Canham<sup>1*</sup>, Yuan Wang<sup>1</sup>, Allen Cornett<sup>1</sup>, Douglas S. Auld<sup>1*</sup>, Daniel K. Baeschlin<sup>2</sup>, Maude Patoor<sup>2</sup>, Philip R. Skaanderup<sup>2</sup>, Ayako Honda<sup>1</sup>, Luis Llamas<sup>1</sup>, Greg Wendel<sup>1</sup>, Felipa A. Mapa<sup>1</sup>, Peter Aspesi Jr. <sup>1</sup>, Nancy Labbe-Giguere<sup>1</sup>, Gabriel G. Gamber1, Daniel S. Palacios<sup>1</sup>, Ansgar Schuffenhauer<sup>2</sup>, Zhan Deng<sup>1</sup>, Florian Nigsch<sup>2</sup>, Mathias Frederiksen<sup>2</sup>, Simon M. Bushell<sup>1</sup>, Deborah Rothman<sup>1</sup>, Rishi K. Jain<sup>1</sup>, Horst Hemmerle<sup>1</sup>, Karin Briner<sup>1</sup>, Jeffery A. Porter<sup>1</sup>, John A. Tallarico<sup>1</sup>, Jeremy L. Jenkins<sup>1*</sup> 

<sup>1</sup> *Novartis Institute for BioMedical Research, 181 Massachusetts Ave Cambridge, MA 02139*

<sup>2</sup> *Novartis Institute for Biomedical Research, Novartis Pharma AG, Forum 1 Novartis Campus, 4056 Basel, Switzerland* 

<sup>*</sup>e-mail: steve.canham@novartis.com; douglas.auld@novartis.com; jeremy.jenkins@novartis.com

Commit message:

Add bioRxiv link and copyright note

README.md, after:

## Readme
A repository of compound-target annotations in support of Systematic Chemogenetic Library Assembly

Supplementary materials to accompany [bioRxiv](https://www.biorxiv.org/) preprint manuscript [Systematic Chemogenetic Library Assembly](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.03.30.017244v1)

### Copyright 
The copyright holder for this preprint is the author/funder, who has granted bioRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity. It is made available under a [CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).

## Abstract
The assembly of chemogenetic libraries composed of chemical probes provides tremendous value to biomedical research, but requires substantial effort to ensure diversity as well as quality of the contents. We are assembling a chemogenetic library by data mining and crowdsourcing institutional expertise. We are sharing our methodology, lessons learned, and disclosing our current collection of 4186 compounds with their primary annotated gene targets. 

## Authors
Stephen M. Canham<sup>1*</sup>, Yuan Wang<sup>1</sup>, Allen Cornett<sup>1</sup>, Douglas S. Auld<sup>1*</sup>, Daniel K. Baeschlin<sup>2</sup>, Maude Patoor<sup>2</sup>, Philip R. Skaanderup<sup>2</sup>, Ayako Honda<sup>1</sup>, Luis Llamas<sup>1</sup>, Greg Wendel<sup>1</sup>, Felipa A. Mapa<sup>1</sup>, Peter Aspesi Jr. <sup>1</sup>, Nancy Labbe-Giguere<sup>1</sup>, Gabriel G. Gamber1, Daniel S. Palacios<sup>1</sup>, Ansgar Schuffenhauer<sup>2</sup>, Zhan Deng<sup>1</sup>, Florian Nigsch<sup>2</sup>, Mathias Frederiksen<sup>2</sup>, Simon M. Bushell<sup>1</sup>, Deborah Rothman<sup>1</sup>, Rishi K. Jain<sup>1</sup>, Horst Hemmerle<sup>1</sup>, Karin Briner<sup>1</sup>, Jeffery A. Porter<sup>1</sup>, John A. Tallarico<sup>1</sup>, Jeremy L. Jenkins<sup>1*</sup> 

<sup>1</sup> *Novartis Institute for BioMedical Research, 181 Massachusetts Ave Cambridge, MA 02139*

<sup>2</sup> *Novartis Institute for Biomedical Research, Novartis Pharma AG, Forum 1 Novartis Campus, 4056 Basel, Switzerland* 

<sup>*</sup>e-mail: steve.canham@novartis.com; douglas.auld@novartis.com; jeremy.jenkins@novartis.com
